Add state transition table to 'Manage states' doc and link from the debug tutorial (#16668)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/v3/develop/manage-states.mdx

| `Failed` | `FAILED` | Yes | The run did not complete because of a code issue and had no remaining retry attempts. |
| `Crashed` | `CRASHED` | Yes | The run did not complete because of an infrastructure issue. |

## State transitions

When a flow run changes states, you can often tell if it is behaving normally or not.
Here are some common state transitions and what they mean:

|    | From | To | Triggered By | Explanation |
| --- | --------------- | ------------ | ----------- | ----------- |

> | ✅ | None | Scheduled | Cloud (schedule) or user (custom run) | A flow run has been created and scheduled for future execution. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ✅ | None | Scheduled | Manual run, automation, or schedule | A flow run has been created and scheduled for future execution. |
```

Reviewer: Could be automation and could be quick or custom run and might be from Cloud or self-hosted Prefect server, so I think something like my suggestion is more accurate.

Author: cc @EmilRex ^

| ✅ | Scheduled | Pending | Worker | A worker is attempting to start the infrastructure for your flow run. |

> | ⛔ | Scheduled | Late | Cloud | Typically means that a worker did not pick up the run because 1) no workers are healthy, 2) workers are not polling the right work pool or work queue, or 3) workers are concurrency limited. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ⛔ | Scheduled | Late | Prefect APi | Typically means that a worker did not pick up the run because 1) no workers are healthy, 2) workers are not polling the right work pool or work queue, or 3) workers are concurrency limited. |
```

Reviewer: or Cloud/Self-hosted server or something similar

Author: https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/16668/commits/e7cf4aa87a0d1c3c1721600aa7e705ea7292ff8d
